Tick size (#976)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/concepts/governance.md

Optional fields include: 
* Metadata so that people can easily interpret the market's details - while this is optional, it's highly recommended that you include metadata for the market
* Price monitoring parameters, including the triggers covering the horizon, probability and auction extension time. If left blank these parameters will default to the values set in the network parameters

> * Tick size, to set the minimal change in a price. If not set, it will default to 1 (or 10^{-market decimal places})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tick size, to set the minimal change in a price. If not set, it will default to 1 (which is 10^{-market decimal places})
```
